# 魔卡课程《系统全套》：魔卡《恋爱宝典》：魔卡VIP2299课程资料：7.TD音乐（赠送）：1.预备部分：DonnaLewis-ICouldBeTheOne

I could be your sea of sand，I could be your warmth of desire，I could be your prayer of hope。

I could be your gift of everyday，I could be your tide of heaven。

I could be your hint of what's to come，I could be your ordinary，I could be the one。

I could be your blue white angel，I could be the storm before the calm。

I could be your secret pleasure，I could be your well wishing well，I could be your breath of life。

I could be your European dream，I could be your ordinary，I could be the one。

And I would lie here in the darkness，And I would lie here for all time。

And I would lie here watching over you，Comfort you， sing to you，I could be your worry partner。

I could be your socialite，I could be your green-eyed monster，I could be your force of light。

I could be your temple garden，I could be your tender hearted child，I could be your ordinary。

I could be the one，And I would lie here in the darkness，And I would lie here for all time。

And I would lie here watching over you，Comfort you， sing to you，Will I ever change the journey。

Will the hush tones disappear，Oh little Rita let me hold you，Oh little Rita let me love you。

I could be your leafy island，I could be your thunder in the clouds，I could be your dark enclosure。

I could be your romantic soul，I could be your small beginning，I could be your soothing universe。

I could be your ordinary，I could be the one，I could be your ordinary，I could be the one。

I could be your ordinary，I could be the one，由 Amara。org 社群提供的字幕。

