# 魔卡课程《系统全套》：魔卡《恋爱宝典》：魔卡VIP2299课程资料：7.TD音乐（赠送）：1.预备部分：Dream-NeverHadADreamComeTrue

回到最初的我，Zither Harp，Everybody's got something，they had to leave behind，One regret from yesterday。

that just seems to grow with time，No use looking back or wondering。

how it could be now or might have been，All this I know but still，I can't find ways to let you go。

I never had a dream come true，Till the day that I found you，Even though I pretend that I've moved on。

You'll always be my baby，I never found the words to say，You're the one I think about each day。

And I know no matter where life takes me to，A part of me will always be with you。

Somewhere in my memory，I've lost all sense of time，And tomorrow can never be。

'Cause yesterday is all that fills my mind，There's no use looking back or wondering。

how it should be now or might have been，All this I know but still，I can't find ways to let you go。

I never had a dream come true，Till the day that I found you，Even though I pretend that I've moved on。

You'll always be my baby，I never found the words to say，You're the one I think about each day。

And I know no matter where life takes me to，A part of me will always be。

You'll always be the dream that fills my head，Yes you will say you will you know you will oh baby。

You'll always be the one I know I'll never forget，There's no use looking back or wondering。

Because love is a strange and funny thing，No matter how I try and try，I just can't say goodbye。

No no no no，I never had a dream come true，Till the day that I found you。

Even though I pretend that I've moved on，You'll always be my baby，I never found the words to say。

You're the one I think about each day，And I know no matter where life takes me to。

A part of me will always be，A part of me will always be，With you，With you，With you，With you，With you。

With you，With you，『Romantic Love Song』 - 杨茜茜 (Nene)，词:杨茜茜 (Nene)，曲:杨茜茜 (Nene)，编曲:杨茜茜 (Nene)。

混音:杨茜茜 (Nene)。