# 魔卡课程《系统全套》：魔卡《恋爱宝典》：魔卡VIP2299课程资料：7.TD音乐（赠送）：1.预备部分：ColbieCaillat-Fallin'ForYou

作詞:陳小霞 作曲:陳小霞，編曲:陳小霞，編曲:陳小霞，Zither Harp，I don't know but I think I may be，Falling for you。

 dropping so quickly，Maybe I should keep this to myself，Waiting till I know you better。

I am trying not to tell you，But I want to， I'm scared of what you say，So I'm hiding what I'm feeling。

But I'm tired of holding this inside my head，I've been spending all my time just thinking 'bout you。

I don't know what to do， I think I'm falling for you。

I've been waiting all my life and now I find you，I don't know what to do。

 I think I'm falling for you，I'm falling for you，As I'm standing here and you hold my hand。

Pull me towards you，And we start to dance all around us，I see nobody here in silence。

It's just you and me，I'm trying not to tell you，But I want to， I'm scared of what you say。

So I'm hiding what I'm feeling，But I'm tired of holding this inside my head。

I've been spending all my time just thinking 'bout you，I don't know what to do。

 I think I'm falling for you，I've been waiting all my life and now I find you。

I don't know what to do， I think I'm falling for you，I'm falling for you，Oh I just can't take it。

My heart is racing，Emotions keep spilling out，I've been spending all my time just thinking 'bout you。

I don't know what to do， I think I'm falling for you。

I've been waiting all my life and now I find you，I don't know what to do。

 I think I'm falling for you，I'm falling for you，I'm falling for you，I can't stop thinking 'bout it。

I want you all around me，And now I just can't hide it，I think I'm falling for you。

I can't stop thinking 'bout it，I want you all around me，And now I just can't hide it。

I think I'm falling for you，I'm falling for you，Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh，I'm falling for you。

Zither Harp，那我先走了。