# 魔卡课程《系统全套》：魔卡《恋爱宝典》：魔卡VIP2299课程资料：7.TD音乐（赠送）：2.暧昧部分：Nasri-Writer'sBlock

Zither Harp，Another one to change，Another song for the radio，It has a sunken year。

But it's about to get personal，Last night my life，She walked out with a suitcase，Took me by surprise。

And I'm hurting so bad，Now there's just an empty paper in a room，That broke the sun。

I'm running out of melodies，Do you still be in love，I can't write it， just，I can't write it， no。

I can't write it， just，I can't write it，If I finish this song，I'll admit that she's gone。

I won't write it， just，I won't write it， no，I won't write it， just，I won't write it。

Until my heart unlocks，I'll have writer's block，I'll have writer's block，You used to wait up late。

I said I'd be right home，I'd even miss our days，Cause I was grinding in the studio。

You always gave so much，I thought I gave it back，I guess I spread my love。

Too thin between you and the track，Now there's just an empty paper in a room，That broke the sun。

I'm running out of melodies，Do you still be in love，I can't write it， just，I can't write it， no。

I can't write it， just，I can't write it，If I finish this song，I'll admit that she's gone。

I won't write it， just，I won't write it， no，I won't write it， just，I won't write it。

Until my heart unlocks，I'll have writer's block，First week out I'm flopping。

I'll be on the bottom of the charts，I need my one inspiration，The reason that I'm saying。

She is how I got to the top，I just can't write it，I can't write it， just，I can't write it， no。

I can't write it， just，I can't write it，If I finish this song，I'll admit that she's gone。

I won't write it， just，I won't write it， no，I won't write it， just，I won't write it， just。

Until my heart unlocks，I'll have writer's block，I'll have writer's block，I'll have writer's block。

I'll have writer's block，Ah。Ah。Ah。Ah。Ah。由 Amara。org 社群提供的字幕。

