# 魔卡课程《系统全套》：魔卡《恋爱宝典》：魔卡VIP2299课程资料：7.TD音乐（赠送）：1.预备部分：Westlife-MyLove

An Empty House 詞曲:陳家麗，編曲:陳家麗，An Empty House 詞曲:陳家麗，An Empty House 詞曲:陳家麗，An Empty House 詞曲:陳家麗。

An Empty House 詞曲:陳家麗，An Empty House 詞曲:陳家麗，And oh my love， I'm holding on forever。

Reaching for a love that seems so far，So I say a little prayer，And hope my dreams will take me there。

Where the skies are blue，To see you once again， my love，From overseas and coast to coast。

To find the place I love the most，Where the fields are green，To see you once again， my love。

I try to read and go to work，I'm laughing with my friends。

But I can't stop to keep myself from thinking，Oh no，I wonder how， I wonder why。

I wonder where they are，The days we had， the songs we sang together，Oh yeah，And oh my love。

 I'm holding on forever，Reaching for a love that seems so far，So I say a little prayer。

And hope my dreams will take me there，Where the skies are blue，To see you once again， my love。

From overseas and coast to coast，To find the place I love the most，Where the fields are green。

To see you once again，To hold you in my arms，To promise you my love，To tell you from my heart。

What I'm thinking now，Reaching for a love that seems so far，So I say a little prayer。

And hope my dreams will take me there，Where the skies are blue，To see you once again， my love。

From overseas and coast to coast，To find the place I love the most，Where the fields are green。

To see you once again， my love，I say a little prayer，And hope my dreams will take me there。

Where the skies are blue，To see you once again，From overseas and coast to coast。

To find the place I love the most，Where the fields are green，To see you once again， my love。

Zither Harp，(字幕製作:貝爾)，(音樂)。