# 魔卡课程《系统全套》：魔卡《恋爱宝典》：魔卡VIP2299课程资料：7.TD音乐（赠送）：1.预备部分：SarahConnor-LivingToLoveYou

我們只有一項愛情愛情歌詞，詞曲:陳小霞，演唱:陳小霞，詞曲:陳小霞，All we had was just one summer，Two lovers strolling in the park。

But like they say the world keeps turning，As the leaves were falling we should fall apart。

Now I'm waiting for the winter，To build my castle out of ice，And deep inside this massive building。

There's a crystal lake of all the tears I cried，Baby for all my life，Don't you know that it's true。

I'm living to love you，So baby don't think twice，If you feel what I feel。

Trust your heart and do what I do，I'm living to love you，I'm living to love you。

But when you're gone it's not forever，Cause you're remaining in my heart。

So tell me why I feel this aching，Every time I think of you when we're apart，Baby for all my life。

Don't you know that it's true，I'm living to love you，So baby don't think twice。

If you feel what I feel，Trust your heart and do what I do，I'm living to love you。

I admit that from time to time，I'm feeling insecure and think I'm gonna lose my mind。

Don't let it show no，No no no no no，I don't think I'll ever understand。

That our love it should never have a happy end，So I'm really gonna try my best，To let you know。

To let you know，Don't you know that it's true，I'm living to love you，So baby don't think twice。

If you feel what I feel，Trust your heart and do what I do，When the final day comes。

I know the angels they will see my smile，And if they wanna know the reason，I will tell them why。

Baby for all my life，I'm living to love you，I'm living to love you，I'm living to love you。

I'm living to love you，我愛你，(Alarm)。