# 魔卡课程《系统全套》：魔卡《恋爱宝典》：魔卡VIP2299课程资料：7.TD音乐（赠送）：1.预备部分：MichaelLearnsToRock-That'sWhy

I Don't Want To Say Goodbye，詞曲:陳昇，Baby won't you tell me why，There is sadness in your eyes。

I don't want to say goodbye to you，Love is one big illusion，I should try to forget。

But there is something left in my head，You're the one who set it up。

Now you're the one to make it stop，I'm the one who's feeling lost right now。

Now you want me to forget，Every little thing you said，But there is something left in my head。

I won't forget the way you're kissing，The feeling so strong，Were lasting for so long。

But I'm not the man，Your heart is missing，That's why you go the way I know，You were never satisfied。

No matter how I tried，Now you want to say goodbye to me，Love is one big illusion。

I should try to forget，But there is something left in my head，I won't forget the way you're kissing。

The feeling so strong，Were lasting for so long，But I'm not the man，Your heart is missing。

That's why you go the way I know，Yes I know，I'm sitting here all alone，In the middle of nowhere。

Don't know which way to go，There ain't so much to say now between us，There ain't so much for you。

There ain't so much for me anymore，I won't forget the way you're kissing，The feeling so strong。

Were lasting for so long，But I'm not the man，Your heart is missing，That's why you go the way I know。

That's why you go the way I know，That's why you go the way I know，That's why you go the way I know。

The way I know，The way I know，The way I know，二胡: 雷曦，樂隊，現場，雷曦，雪兒，雷曦，頒獎，樂隊，歌手，陳曦，李宗盛，樂隊，MUC，樂隊。

