# 魔卡课程《系统全套》：魔卡《恋爱宝典》：魔卡VIP2299课程资料：7.TD音乐（赠送）：2.暧昧部分：CarmenCuesta-Dreams

詞曲:李宗盛，編曲:李宗盛，As a new night comes along bringing new light。

She knows her loneliness will go away for a while，And slowly she will close her eyes thinking of him。

Of the stranger she meets in her dreams，He'll come along to her from out of the shadows。

And brighten up the stars always so dim，He'll lead her to a dance in the moonlight。

Then she'll kiss him like she never did，編曲:李宗盛，And the music will go on，And she won't be alone。

She lives her nightly dream with abandon，But she likes to feel the rain on her skin。

She doesn't know his name never asked him，'Cause he takes her where she's never been。

They'll be walking on the streets of a new world，There'll be no familiar places no one they know。

Only they will fill up all the spaces with emotion，It's her dream and she knows he'll be gone soon。

Soon， soon， soon， so soon，When she opens up her eyes，The lover of her life，Zither Harp，Zither Harp。

Zither Harp，She lives her nightly dream with abandon，But she likes to feel the rain on her skin。

She doesn't know his name never asked him，'Cause he takes her where she wants to be。

They'll be walking on the streets of a new world，There'll be no familiar places no one they know。

Only they will fill up all the spaces with emotion，It's her dream and she knows he'll be gone。

When she opens up her eyes，He'll be there right by her side，A stranger in the morning。

A lover in the night，Zither Harp，(CC字幕製作:貝爾)，我决定了。